docs: add community standards (#21)
jentic/arazzo-engine: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to the project maintainers.

## Submitting Issues

We use GitHub Issues for all bug reports and feature requests. Before opening a new issue, please search the existing issues to see if your problem or idea has already been discussed.

When you're ready, please use our issue templates to create a report:

-   **[🐛 Bug Report](https://github.com/jentic/arazzo-engine/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=%5BBug%5D+)**
-   **[✨ Feature Request](https://github.com/jentic/arazzo-engine/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=%5BFeature%5D+)**

This helps us stay organized and ensures we have all the information we need to address your submission efficiently. We look forward to your feedback!

## Recognition

Contributors will be recognized in our documentation and through appropriate credit mechanisms. We believe in acknowledging all forms of contribution.

> Thank you for helping build and improve the Standard Agent!

Author: ```suggestion
Thank you for helping build and improve the Arazzo Engine!
```
